Asian Institute of Technology

Article
Talk
Read
Edit
View history

Tools
Coordinates: 14°04′44.82″N 100°36′40.88″E
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (January 2021) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Asian Institute of Technology
AIT

Former names	SEATO Graduate School of Engineering
Motto	'Social Impact with Innovation'
Established	1959
President	Kazuo Yamamoto
Academic staff	About 100
Students	1,700+
Address	58 Moo 9, Km42, Paholyothin Highway, Khlong Luang, Pathum Thani, Thailand
Affiliations	IAU, ASAIHL, GMSARN, ProSPER.Net, ACTU, ANSO
Website	www.ait.ac.th

Asian Institute of Technology
The Asian Institute of Technology (AIT), founded in 1959, is an international organization for higher education situated 40km north of Bangkok, Thailand. It specializes in engineering, advanced technologies, sustainable development, and management and planning. It aims to promote technological change and sustainable development in the Asia-Pacific region, through higher education, research, and outreach.[1]

History
Founded in 1959 as SEATO Graduate School of Engineering, it receives funding from organizations and governments around the world.

In 1967, The Constituent Assembly of Thailand approved legislation for the Charter of the newly named Asian Institute of Technology in October. The Asian Institute of Technology Enabling Act was published in the Royal Thai Government Gazette in November the same year. AIT became independent of SEATO as an institution of higher learning empowered to grant degrees.[2]

On 21 October 2011, AIT's campus was inundated by two-meter-high floodwaters.[3] Since then, it has resumed operations.[4]

AIT celebrated its 60th anniversary on 23–25 October 2019. Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn, the first royal alumna, presided over the celebrations on 24 October 2019.[5]

In November 2019, AIT inaugurated the Belt & Road Research Centre.[6]

Governance
AIT has been governed by a board of governors since its beginning. Traditionally a high-ranking Thai citizen has been the chairman of its board of trustees. At present the chairman of the AIT Board of Trustees is Anat Arbhabirama.[7]

Ambassadors of 14 countries – Bangladesh, Cambodia, Canada, China, France, India, Indonesia, Lao, Malaysia, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam – are members of the AIT Board of Trustees.[8] The ambassador of Japan and the ambassador to the delegation of the European Union to Thailand have observer status on the AIT Board.

Ranking
In the 2021 Times Higher Education Impact Rankings (THE Impact Rankings),[9] AIT ranked globally:

15th for SDG#1 No Poverty
58th for SDG#17 Partnerships for the Goals
64th for SDG#14 Life Below Water
67th for SDG#2 Zero Hunger
80th for SDG#15 Life on Land
100 - 200th for SDG#6 Clean Water and Sanitation
100 - 200th for SDG#11 Sustainable Cities and Communities
100 - 200th for Overall Impact
In the 2020 THE Impact Rankings,[10] AIT ranked globally:

19th for SDG#1 No Poverty
86th for SDG#2 Zero Hunger
100 - 200th for SDG#6 Clean Water and Sanitation
100 - 200th for SDG#14 Life Below Water
100 - 200th for SDG#15 Life on Land
300 - 400th for Overall Impact
In 2020 QS Global MBA Rankings,[11] AIT Master of Business Administration (MBA) program ranked 14th in Asia and 1st in Thailand. It also ranked 7th in Asia for Diversity and 18th in the world for Return on Investment.

In the QS World University Rankings by Subject 2020, AIT ranked 2nd in Thailand in Engineering and Technology,[12] 151-200th in the world in Environmental Studies[13] and in Architecture & Built Environment,[14] and 201-250th in the world in Civil and Structural Engineering[15] and in Agricultural and Forestry.[16]

Location
AIT operates as a self-contained international community at its campus in Pathumthani Province, some 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Bangkok, Thailand. Besides laboratories and academic buildings, the main campus includes housing, sports, and medical facilities, a conference center, and a library with over 230,000 volumes and 830 print and online periodicals.

AIT was hosted by the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, Thailand, before it moved to its present campus in November 1973. Currently, it is located in the Rangsit area next to Thammasat University (Rangsit Campus), about 65 kilometers from the Suvarnabhumi Airport.

AIT has a remote campus called AIT Center in Vietnam. It was established in 1993 under the memorandum of understanding between the Vietnam Ministry of Education and Training and the AIT.[17] At that time AITCV was the first international institution in Vietnam and the first AIT campus outside Thailand.

Student body
AIT's student body comes from more than 50 countries, with Thailand contributing to about one-third. It has always been international, with international donors offering scholarships to AIT students for capacity building.

Scholarships
Full Scholarships

Royal Thai Government Scholarships
GMS Scholarships
Asian Development Bank - Japan Scholarship Program (ADB-JSP)
Japanese Government Scholarships for Doctoral Degree in Remote Sensing & Geographic Information Systems and Mechatronic Program
Japan Government scholarship for master's degree Program in Marine Plastic Abatement (MPA)
China Scholarship Council Government Scholarships
DAAD Scholarship
INDEX International Group Public Co., Ltd. Scholarships
BRIDGEX Scholarship for Structural Engineering
WE Consultant Scholarships
Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship Program
ACIAR Scholarship for January 2021 Enrollment
and others.

Transition to intergovernmental organization status
Approval of new charter
In August 2010, a new "Charter of the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT)" was adopted and signed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Thailand.[18] Signatories to the new charter included Seychelles, Cambodia, Japan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Pakistan, Sweden, Timor-Leste, Bangladesh, Philippines, India, and UNIFEM. The new charter came into force on 30 January 2012 as Sweden, Japan, India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Nepal deposited their instruments of ratification with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Thailand.

Difficulties and return to old charter
In 2012, Thailand declined to ratify the new charter, with the effect that the operations of AIT under the new intergovernmental charter resulted in the issuance of potentially invalid degrees.[19] In December 2012, AIT opted to return to its previous national charter and ceased operating as an intergovernmental university. The degrees issued by AIT under the new charter were reissued under the old charter to avoid the risk of being unrecognized under Thai law.[20] However, it seems that the "Charter of the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT)" remains legally in force without Thailand's participation and is in dormant status.[21]

Listed among International Organizations by Thai Government
AIT is listed among international organizations by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Royal Thai Government.[22]

Host to international organizations
The campus of Asian Institute of Technology is host to several international and non-governmental organizations including the Regional Resource Center in Asia and the Pacific (UNEP RRC.AP) (www.rrcap.unep.org), and the Regional Integrated Multi-Hazard Early Warning System for Africa and Asia (RIMES) (www.rimes.int).

It also hosts the global secretariat of the International Partnership for Expanding Waste Management Services of Local Authorities (IPLA),[23] while the regional secretariat is hosted by UN HABITAT. Four UN agencies, three international donors and five national governments are part of IPLA.[24]

AIT has collaborated with Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus to create a Yunus Center at AIT with an objective "to contribute to poverty alleviation by enabling rural people to handle and be in control of improving their own livelihoods". The Yunus Center at AIT was launched on 8 September 2009.[25] Likewise, AIT hosts Ostrom Center for Advanced Studies on Natural Resource Governance (OCeAN).

Academic programs
Asian Institute of Technology offers Master's, Doctoral, and Certificate courses. Among the programs offered include regular Master's and Doctoral programs, Flexible Degree options, One-Year Master's programs, Professional Master's programs, Unified International Bachelor-Master programs, Capacity-Building PhD Partnership programs, Erasmus Programs, Exchange Programs, Joint Degree Programs and Dual Degree programs.

School of Engineering and Technology (SET)
School of Engineering and Technology (SET) is the combinationof the two former Schools, namely, the School of Civil Engineering (SCE) and the School of Advanced Technologies (SAT), which merged in November 2005. Historically, the two schools came into existence only in January 1993 when the Institute reorganized the need to reform its academic structure from smaller-sized units called “Divisions” to larger bodies named “Schools”.

Since its inception, SET's mission has been to develop highly qualified engineers and technologists who play leading roles in promoting the region's industrial competitiveness in its integration into the global economy.

Department of Civil and Infrastructure Engineering	Department of Industrial Systems Engineering	Department of Information and Communication Technologies
Construction, Engineering and Infrastructure Management	Bio-Nano Material Science and Engineering	Computer Science
Geotechnical and Earth Resources Engineering	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Information Management
Geosystem Exploration and Petroleum Geoengineering	Mechatronics	Internet of Things (IoT) Systems Engineering
Structural Engineering	Microelectronics and Embedded Systems	Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems
Transportation Engineering		Telecommunications
Water Engineering and Management		Information and Communication Technologies
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence
School of Environment, Resources, and Development (SERD)
The School of Environment, Resources and Development (SERD) was established by amalgamating the four Divisions, namely: (1) Environmental Engineering Division (2) Human Settlements Development Division (3) Agriculture and Food Engineering Division and (4) Energy Division, in 1993. The name SERD was adopted after the EARTH Summit in Rio in 1992, emphasizing the important co-existence of environment and development.

SERD responds to regional needs by mobilizing and enhancing capacities for socially, economically, and environmentally sound development in partnership with public and private sectors. The School's interdisciplinary approach integrates technological, natural, and social sciences.

Department of Development and Sustainability	Department of Energy, Environment and Climate Change	Department of Food, Agriculture and Bioresources
Development and Sustainability	Climate Change and Sustainable Development	Agribusiness Management
Development Planning Management and Innovation	Environmental Engineering and Management	Agricultural Systems and Engineering
Gender and Development Studies	Marine Plastics Abatement	Aquaculture and Aquatic Resources Management
Natural Resources Management	Regenerative Sanitation	Food Engineering and Bioprocess Technology
Urban Innovation and Sustainability	Sustainable Energy Transition	Food Innovation, Nutrition and Health
Urban Sustainability Planning and Design		
Society and Environmental Governance		
School of Management (SOM)
The School of Management was established in 1987 to meet the growing needs in Asia for graduate management education. Its goals are to impact the quality of management education and practices in the Asia-Pacific region and around the world, and to promote sustainable development, technological leadership, entrepreneurial spirit, wealth creation, and pride.

Students of SOM have the options of either studying at its campus located in Bangkok or on its self-contained international main campus located 40 km (25 miles) north of the city.

Programs
Business Administration
Business Risk and Resilience
Business Analytics and Digital Transformation
International Finance
Banking and Finance
Inter-School Programs
Open Master of Engineering/Science in Interdisciplinary Studies (All Schools)
Disaster Preparedness, Mitigation and Management (SET & SERD)
Urban Water Engineering and Management (SET & SERD)
Social Business and Entrepreneurship (SERD & SOM)
Water Security and Global Change (SET & SERD)
Awards
Ramon Magsaysay Award
In 1989, AIT received a Ramon Magsaysay Award for Peace and International Understanding "for shaping a new generation of engineers and managers committed to Asia, in an atmosphere of academic excellence and regional camaraderie."[26]

In 2009, an alumnus of AIT, Yu Xiaogang was also awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award. The citation credited AIT and it said,[27]

"Yu fell in love with nature early on, having been raised in Yunnan, a province of amazing beauty and home to three of the largest rivers in the world: Nu, Yangtze, and Mekong. His interest in the environment was cultivated during a stint in the Yunnan Academy of Social Sciences, and was further deepened when he attended the Asian Institute of Technology, where he earned a master's degree in watershed management."

Friendship Order of Vietnam
The Government of Vietnam awarded the Friendship Order to AIT in 2006.[28] It is the highest award given in the area of international relations and is presented to foreign institutions and persons that have contributed to human resource training for Vietnam, and to the development of friendly relations between Vietnam and other countries.

Other Awards
AIT received the Science and Technology for Development Award from USAID and National Research Council in 1987.[29] In 1994, it won the Development Management Award from the Asian Management Awards, while in 1996, it was awarded by the Danube Adria Association and Manufacturing (DAAM) International Vienna, Austria. In 2016, AIT won the gold medal from the Thai Research Fund (TRF) for bagging the most perfect scores (seven scores of '5' each) among all universities in Thailand.[30]

Facts and figures
1500+ students from 45+ countries
23,932 alumni from 100+ countries
38000+ short-term trainees from 100+
125 regular faculty from 20+ countries
420 research and support staff
1078 graduate courses
40+ academic programs
300+ ongoing research project
Source:[31]

Sports
The AIT Grounds was host to World Women's T20 Tournament[32][33] held in 2015 where eight countries played 10 matches. It is one of the three cricket fields in Thailand where Thailand's Premier League[34] matches are played. The AIT Cricket Team has won the Bangkok Cricket League 'A' Division two times during the past three years.

It has a nine-hole golf course and a swimming pool. The campus offers facilities for badminton, takraw, table tennis, tennis, basketball, and volleyball.

Memberships
International Association of Universities (IAU)[35]
Greater Mekong Sub-region Academic and Research Network (GMSARN)[36]
Association of Southeast Institutions of Higher Learning (ASAIHL)[37]
Promotion of Sustainability in Postgraduate Education and Research (ProSPER.Net)[38]
China Education Association for International Exchange (CEAIE)[39]
Alliance of International Science Organizations (ANSO) [40]
People
Students
70% of the students come from outside of Thailand.[41] As an institute that prides in its international orientation, students at AIT come from all over the world. In August 2018, it had 1800 students from 45 countries.[42] The Institute admitted students from 25 countries from North America, Europe, Oceania, Asia and Africa. Asian students constitute the majority of the student body, with Southeast Asia (Thailand and Viet Nam) and South Asia (India, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka) usually contributing the majority of students

Presidents
Prof. Kazuo Yamamoto is currently the interim president of AIT, succeeding Dr. Eden Y Woon on 1 September 2022.[43] Previous presidents include Professor Milton E. Bender Jr. (from USA),[44] Professor Harold E. Hoelscher (from USA), Professor Robert B. Banks (from USA),[45] Professor Alastair M. North (from Scotland),[46][47] Professor Roger GH Downer (Ireland/Canada), Professor Jean-Louis Armand (from France), Professor Said Irandoust (from Sweden),[48] and Professor Worsak Kanok-Nukulchai (from Thailand).[49] Prior to the Institute becoming AIT, its predecessor, the SEATO Graduate School of Engineering had three Deans Professor Thomas H. Evans,[50] Professor Robert Holcomb, Professor Milton E. Bender Jr. (who also became the first President of AIT), and Dr. Eden Y Woon.

Faculty
AIT currently has 56 regular faculty members,[51] with 27 in the School of Environment, Resources and Development; 30 in School of Engineering and Technology; and six in the School of Management.

In the School of Environment, Resources, and Development; ten faculty are working in Food, Agriculture & Bioresources, 12 in Development and Sustainability, and 15 in Energy, Environment and Climate Change.

In the School of Engineering and Technology, 14 work in Civil and Infrastructure Engineering, seven in Industrial Systems Engineering, and nine in Information and Communication Technologies.

The School of Management has six faculty members including the Dean.

Alumni
Prominent alumni in Thailand include Dr. Prasarn Trairatvorakul, former Governor of Bank of Thailand;[52] Gen. Boonsrang Niumpradit, former Thai Army Chief;[53] Dr. Somchet Tinnapong, managing director of Dawei Development Company; Dr. Prasert Patramai, Chairman of Board of TEAM GROUP,[54] Mr. Chaiwat Kovavisarach, President and chief executive officer of Bangchak Corporation,;[55] Somprasong Boonyachai, Director, Intouch Holdings, and Vice Chairman of Board of Advanced Info Service;[56] Sumate Tanthuwanit, CEO, Ngow Hock Group, TIPS Co Ltd. Thai Prosperity Terminal Co.,ltd., and Sintanachote Co.Ltd;[57] Chaovalit Ekabut, Former President, SCG Investment and CFO Siam Cement Public Company Limited;[58] Dr. Chainarong Na Lamphun, President and CEO, INDEX International Group; Preecha Ekkunagul, President and CEO of Central Pattana Public Company Limited;[59] Vichai Bhucharoen, chairman, Board of Directors, GMS Corporation Ltd.; and Dr. Yanyong Phataralaoha, managing director, Thai Pipe Industry Company Limited;

International alumni include Mao Chi-kuo,[60] Premier of Taiwan, Yu Xiaogang,[61] winner of Ramon Magsaysay Award), Imtiaz Gilani, Provisional Minister of Education for the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; Rafiul Ahad, Vice President, Software Development, Oracle Corporation; Huỳnh Ngọc Phiên, President, AMATA Group; Phạm Lê Thanh, chairman, EVM Vietnam Electricity, Boun Oum Syvanhpheng, CEO, Électricité du Laos; Nadeem Amjad, Member (National Resources) Pakistan Agricultural Research Council (PARC);[62] Muhammad P Aftab, Vice President, National Engineering Services (NESPAK); MALWILA DISSANAYAKE, Malwila Dissanayake, chair, Environmental Science, Lakehead College, Canada; Wachchi Patabendege Ranjith Premalal De Silva; Vice Chancellor, Uva Wellassa University; Dr. Bindu Lohani, former Vice President of Asian Development Bank; and Dr. Tong Ki Woo, Governor of Education, Daegu Metropolitan City, Korea, and former president of Yeungnam University[63]

Notable alumni
Name	Degree	Degree Year	Notability	Notes	
Boonsrang Niumpradit	D. Eng.	1978	Former Thai Army chief	
Mao Chi-kuo	M. Eng. (Community & Regional Development)	1975	Former Premier of the Republic of China	
Yu Xiaogang	M.Sc. (Interdisciplinary Natural Resource Development and Management)	1993	Among the six winners of the 2009 Ramon Magsaysay Awards	
Imtiaz Gilani	M. Eng. (Structural Engineering and Construction)	1971	Provisional Minister of Education for the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa	
Bindu Lohani	Ph.D. (Environmental Engineering)	1977	Former Vice President Asian Development Bank	
[icon]	
This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (January 2021)
DOT th Domain Name
AIT administered .th, the country code top-level domain for Thailand until 2007 when the administration was transferred to the Thai Network Information Center Foundation.[64]

References
 "Asian Institute of Technology: Private Company Information". BloombergBusiness. Archived from the original on February 11, 2010. Retrieved 17 July 2015.
 A Unique Contribution to Engineering Education in Asia: The Asian Institute of Technology. [1]
 "AIT, Thammasat Rangsit inundated". The Nation. 22 October 2011. Retrieved 17 July 2015.
 AIT returns home
 HRH Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn attends the AIT’s 60th Anniversary fair
 "AIT Opens Research Centre". Bangkok Post.
 "Board of Trustees". Asian Institute of Technology. Retrieved 30 July 2023.
 AIT Board of Trustees AIT Board of Trustees
 Impact Rankings 2021. Times Higher Education. Retrieved on May 4, 2021.
 Impact Rankings 2020. Times Higher Education. Retrieved on May 4, 2021
 "MBA Rankings 2021 - Asia". Top Universities. Retrieved 2023-08-11.
 School News Thailand (Dec 24, 2020). “AIT MBA Program Ranks #1 in Thailand and #14 in Asia” ScandAsia. [2]
 Rankings by Subject 2020: Engineering & Technology. World University Rankings.[3]
 Rankings by Subject 2020: Architecture & Built Environment. World University Rankings.[4]
 Rankings by Subject 2020: Civil and Structural Engineering. World University Rankings. [5]
 Rankings by Subject 2020: Agriculture & Forestry. World University Rankings.[6]
 AITCV, Vietnam Archived July 28, 2010, at the Wayback Machine
 "Top Stories: The Adoption and Signing Ceremony of the New Charter of the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT) - Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Kingdom of Thailand". mfa.go.th. Retrieved 2014-04-12.
 "AIT students stage rally fearing degrees invalid". 17 October 2012.
 "AIT operations back to normal following return to 'old charter'". The Nation. nationmultimedia.com. Retrieved 2014-04-12.
 "AIT trustees to reissue degrees to students". Bangkok Post. Retrieved 2014-04-12.
 I|Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Royal Thai Government
 United Nations, Economic and Social Council, 13 May 2011, "New Initiative to Aid Local Governments in Managing Growing Waste Problems" [7]
 United Nations Centre for Regional Development (UNCRD), IPLA Official partners [8]
 "AIT launches Yunus Center". Bangkok Post. 2009.
 "The 1989 Ramon Magsaysay Award for International Understanding". Ramon Magsaysay Award Foundation. Archived from the original on 2011-06-10. Retrieved 2023-11-06.
 "CITATION for Yu Xiaogang". Ramon Magsaysay Award Foundation. Archived from the original on 2010-01-04. Retrieved 2023-11-09.
 "AIT helps Thai education branding". 7 September 2011.
 McMaster, Morgan; Guevara, Alejandra; Roberts, Lacey; Alvis, Samantha (2019). "USAID Higher Education: A Retrospective | 1960–2020" (PDF). United States Agency for International Development.
 "AIT scores eight A's in U-Multirank, maintains excellence in its international".
 "Facts and figures - Asian Institute of Technology". ait.ac.th/. Retrieved 2022-08-31.
 "Scottish Wildcats aim to reach T20". BBC Sport. Retrieved 2023-11-09.
 "Asian Institute of Technology Ground - Cricket Ground in Bangkok, Thailand". ESPNcricinfo. Retrieved 2023-11-09.
 "Thailand: 25 and 50 over titles decided". ESPNcricinfo. Retrieved 2023-11-09.
 "IAU - International Association of Universities - The Global Voice of Higher Education". www.iau-aiu.net. Retrieved 2021-07-06.
 GMSARN
 Association of Southeast Institutions of Higher Learning
 ProSPER.Net
 China Education Association for International Exchange
 ANSO
 "THE World University Rankings". Retrieved 26 September 2018.
 "New students in August 2018". 6 August 2018. Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "AIT welcomes Prof. Kazuo Yamamoto as the New Interim President". Retrieved 3 October 2022.
 "Dr. Milton E. Bender Jr., first AIT President, passes away". 4 September 2000. Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "Remembering Prof Robert B Banks". YouTube. Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "AIT pays its final respects to former AIT President Prof. Alastair M. North O.B.E." Asian Institute of Technology. 13 July 2020. Retrieved 16 July 2020.
 "Tribute paid to former Strathclyde Deputy Principal". University of Strathclyde. Retrieved 16 July 2020.
 "Report from Sweden's least known university". Retrieved 17 June 2019.
 "Something for Everyone". Bangkok Post. Retrieved 17 June 2019.
 "Condolence- Prof. Thomas H. Evans". 25 April 2000. Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "AIT People". Asian Institute of Technology. Retrieved 14 June 2020.
 "Dr. Prasarn Trairatvorakul". Retrieved 22 November 2019.
 "General Boonsrang Niumpradit". Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "Dr. Prasert Patramai, TEAM GROUP's Chairman of the Board". Retrieved 22 November 2019.
 "Mr. Chaiwat Kovavisarach". Retrieved 22 November 2019.
 "Somprasong Boonyachai, Director INTOUCH". Retrieved 25 November 2019.
 "Somprasong Boonyachai". Retrieved 25 November 2019.
 "Chaovalit Ekabut". Retrieved 25 November 2019.
 Preecha, Ekkunagul. "Preecha Ekkunagul, President/CEO, Central Pattana PCL". BloomBerg.
 "AIT alumnus is Premier of Taiwan". 23 February 2015. Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "AIT Alumnus wins Ramon Magsaysay Award of 2009". 6 August 2009. Retrieved 3 September 2018.
 "Associated Press of Pakistan".
 "Tong Ki Woo". Retrieved 22 November 2019.


List of Programs in School of Engineering and Technology
Civil Engineering
Computer Science
Construction, Engineering and Infrastructure Management
Geotechnical and Earth Resources Engineering
Information and Communications Technologies
Information Management
Mechatronics
Microelectronics and Embedded Systems
Bio-Nano Material Science and Engineering
Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems
Structural Engineering
Telecommunications
Transportation Engineering
Water Engineering and Management
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence

Faculty
EMERITUS PROFESSORS
Balasubramaniam, A.S.
B.Sc., Ceylon Univ., Sri Lanka; Ph.D.,Cambridge Univ., UK

Bergado, Dennes
B.S.C.E., Mindanao State Univ., Philippines;M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Utah State Univ., USA

Edwards, Peter
B.Sc., Liverpool Univ., UK ; Ph.D., Univ. of Texas, USA

Exell, Robert H.B.
B.A., M.A., D.Phil., Oxford University, UK

Gupta, Ashim Das
B.Eng., Assam Engineering College, India; M.Eng.; D.Eng., AIT, Thailand

Jindal, Vinod
B.Sc. A.E., Pantnagar; M.S., Nebraska; Ph.D.,Pennsylvania State, USA

Karasudhi, Pisidhi
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ.; M.Eng.,Chulalongkorn-SEATO Graduate School of Engineering, Thailand; Ph.D., Northwestern Univ., USA

Polprasert, Chongrak
B. Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., M.Eng., AIT, PhD., Washington, USA

Shrestha, Ram M.
B.E., Univ of Baroda; B.L.L., Tribhuvan Univ., Nepal; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand.

Tabucanon, Mario T.
B.S.E.E., B.S.M.E., Cebu Inst. of Tech.,Philippines; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand

FULL-TIME FACULTY
Abeln, Lawrence Stephen
B.A., The Univ. of Pennsylvania, USA; M.Phil., Ph.D., Cambridge Univ., UK
Professor and Dean, School of Management

Abeykoon, A.M. Harsha S.
B.Sc., Univ. of Moratuwa, Sri Lanka; M.Sc., Ph.D., Keio University, Japan
Assistant Professor, Mechatronics Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Ahmad, Mokbul Morshed
B.Sc, M.Sc., Dhaka Univ., Bangladesh; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Univ. of Durham, UK.
Associate Professor and Coordinator, Regional & Rural Development Planning Field of Study, School of Environment,
Resources and Development

Anal, Anil Kumar
Doctor of Veterinary Medicine, Univ. of Agriculture, Pakistan; M.Sc, Ph.D, AIT, Thailand;
Associate Professor, Food Engineering & Bioprocess Technology Field of Study, and Coordinator Food, Agriculture and Bio Systems Cluster, School of Environment,
Resources & Development

Andriyas, Sanyogita
B.Tech., Technology & Sciences U.P, India; M.Sc. Univ. of Guelph, Canada; Ph.D., Utah State Univ., USA
Lecturer, Water Engineering & Management Field of Study , School of Engineering & Technology

Annachhatre, Ajit P.
B.Tech., Ph.D., Indian Inst. of Tech., Kanpur, India
Professor, Environmental Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Babel, Mukand S
B.Eng., Rajasthan Agr. Univ., India; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand
Professor, Water Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology and Director, Center of Excellence on Sustainable Development in the context of Climate Change

Badir, Yuosre F.
B.Sc.,Univ. of Garyounis, Libya; M.Sc., Univ. of Putra Malaysia, Malaysia; M.Sc., Swiss Federal Inst. of Tech., Switzerland
Associate Professor and Ph.D. Program Coordinator, School of Management

Bhujel, Ram C.
B.Sc., Institute of Agriculture and Animal Science, Nepal; M.Sc., Ph.D., AIT, Thailand
Research Associate Professor, Aquaculture & Aquatic Resources Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Bohez, Erik L. J.
B.Eng., High Tech. Inst. St. Antonius, Ghent, Belgium; M.Eng., State Univ. of Ghent, Belgium
Associate Professor, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Charoenngam, Chotchai
B.Eng., King Mongkut's Inst. of Tech., Thonburi, Thailand; M.S., Univ. of Kansas; Ph.D., Univ. of Texas, USA
Associate Professor, Construction, Engineering and Infrastructure Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Chatterjee, Joyee
B.A., Delhi Univ., India; M.A., Ph.D., Univ. of Southern California, USA
Assistant Professor, Gender and Development Studies Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Chiu, Gregory L.F.
B.S.C.E., University of Washington, Washington, USA, M.Sc., Columbia University, New York, USA ; Ph.D., Stanford University, California, USA
Professor of Practice, Offshore Technology and Management Program, School of Engineering & Technology

Dailey, Matthew M.
B.S., M.S., North Carolina State Univ., USA ; Ph.D., Univ. of California, USA.
Associate Professor and Department Head, Computer Science and Information Management Field of Study and Coordinator, Undergraduate Program, School of Engineering and Technology

Datta, Avishek
B.Sc., M.Sc., Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya; Ph.D., University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA.
Associate Professor, Agricultural Systems Engineering Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Dhakal, Shobhakar
B. Eng., National Institute of Technology, Surat, India; M.Eng.,Asian Institute of Technology, Thailand; Ph.D., The University of Tokyo, Japan
Associate Professor and Coordinator, Energy Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Doneys, Philippe
B.A., Univ. of Toronto, Canada; M.A., Univ. of London, England; Ph.D., Institut d’ Etudes Politiques de Paris, France
Associate Professor, Gender & Development Studies Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Duc, Hoang Nguyen
B.Eng., Water Resources Univ., Vietnam; M.Sc., UNESCO-IHE Institute for Water Education, The Netherlands; Ph.D., Tokyo Metropolitan Univ., Japan
Assistant Professor, Water Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Dung, Phan Minh
M.Sc., Ph.D., Univ. of Tech., Dresden, Germany
Professor, Computer Science and Information Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Ekpanyapong, Mongkol
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn University, Thailand; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; M.Sc, Ph.D, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
Associate Professor, Microelectronics and Embedded Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Esichaikul, Vatcharaporn
B.Acc., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.B.A., Oklahoma State Univ.,USA ; Ph.D., Kent State Univ., USA
Associate Professor, Computer Science and Information Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Faysee, Nicolas
B.Sc., Ecole Polytechnique, France; M.Sc., Ecole Nationale de Genie Rural, des Eaux et Forets, French Institute of Forestry, France; Ph.D., University of Paris X Nanterre,
France
Visiting Assistant Professor, Joint appointment with Natural Resources Management Field of Study and Climate Change & Sustainable Development Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Giao, Pham Huy
Dipl. Ing. (MSc), Bucharest University, Romania; M.Eng. and D.Eng., Asian Institute of Technology, Thailand
Associate Professor, Geotechnical and Earth Resources Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Guha, Sumanta
B.Sc., M.Sc., Univ. of Calcutta, India; Ph.D., Indian Statistical Inst., India; M.S., Ph.D., Univ. of Michigan, USA
Professor, Computer Science and Information Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Hadikusumo, Bonaventura HW
B.Eng., Univ. of Diponegoro, Indonesia; M.Eng., AIT; Ph.D., Univ. of Hong Kong
Associate Professor and Interim Coordinator, Construction, Engineering and Infrastructure Management Field of Study, School of Engineering& Technology

Hornyak, Gabriel Louis
BA., MA., Univ. of Coloradao, USA; M.A., Univ. of California, USA; Ph.D., Colorado State Univ., USA
Associate Professor, Nanotechnology School of Engineering & Technology

Igel, Barbara
B.A., M.A., Technical Univ., Berlin; Ph.D., Freie Univ., Berlin, Germany
Associate Professor, School of Management

Islam, Nazrul
B.Sc. Eng., BUET, Bangladesh; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand
Professor, School of Management

Jourdain, Damien
B.Eng., M.Sc., Ecole Nationale Superieure Agronomique de Montpellier; Ph.D., Montpellier I University, France
Visiting Assistant Professor, Joint appointment with the School of Engineering & Technology and School of Environment, Resources & Development

Kachitvichyanukul, Voratas
B.S., Nat’l. Taiwan Univ.; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Purdue Univ., Indiana, USA
Professor, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering Field of Study and Dean, School of Engineering & Technology

Kanitpong, Kunnawee
B.S., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.S., Univ. of Maryland at College Park, USA; Ph.D., Univ. of Wisconsin-Madison, USA
Associate Professor and Interim Coordinator, Transportation Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Kanok-Nukulchai, Worsak
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Univ. of California (Berkeley), USA
President

Kim, Sohee Minsun
B.A., Tama Art Univ., Japan; M.Sc., Ph.D., The Univ. of Tokyo, Japan
Assistant Professor, Urban Environmental Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Koomsap, Pisut
B.Eng., Thammasat Univ., Thailand; M.Sc., Univ. of Louisville, USA; Ph.D., Pennsylvania State Univ., USA
Associate Professor, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Koottatep, Thammarat
B.Eng., Chiangmai Univ.; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand
Associate Professor, Environmental Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Kumar, Sivanappan
B.E., Univ. of Madras, India; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Inst. Nat'l. Polytechnique, Toulouse, France
Professor, Energy Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development and Vice-President for Academic Affairs

Kusakabe, Kyoko
B.A., Sophia Univ., Tokyo, Japan; M.Sc., Ph.D., AIT, Thailand
Professor, Gender Development Studies Fields of Studies, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Kuwornu, John K.M.
B.A., Univ. of Ghana; M.Sc., Ph.D., Wageningen Univ., The Netherlands
Associate Professor, Aquaculture & Aquatic Resources Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Lin, Than
B.Eng., Yangon Institute of Technology, Myanmar; M.Eng, AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Konkuk University, South Korea
Assistant Professor, Undergraduate Program, School of Engineering & Technology

Luong, Huynh Trung
B.Eng., Ho Chi Minh City Univ. of Tech., Vietnam; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand
Associate Professor and Interim Coordinator, Industrial Systems Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Miyazaki, Hiroyuki
B.A., Keio Univ., Japan; M.Sc., Ph.D., The Univ. of Tokyo, Japan
Visiting Faculty, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Mohanty, Brahmanand
B.Sc.,S.A.I.C.E., India; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Institut National Polytechnique of Toulouse, France
Visiting Faculty, Energy Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Nagai, Masahiko
B.Sc., St. Cloud State University, USA; M.Sc., Asian Institute of Technology, Thailand; Ph.D., The University of Tokyo, Japan
Visiting Associate Professor, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Nakamura, Tai
B.S., Univ. of Tokyo, Japan; M.S., Stanford Univ., USA ; M.E., Ph.D., Univ. of Tokyo, Japan
Visiting Faculty, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Nguyen, Loc Thai
B.Sc., Can Tho Univ., Vietnam; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Ohio State Univ., USA
Assistant Professor, Food Engineering & Bioprocess Technology Field of Study,
School of Environment, Resources & Development

Ninsawat, Sarawut
B.Sc., Silpakorn Univ., Thailand; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Osaka City Univ., Japan
Assistant Professor and Interim Coordinator, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering and
Technology Nitivattananon,

Nitivattananon, Vilas
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ.; M.A., Thammasat Univ.; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Univ. of Pittsburgh, USA
Associate Professor and Coordinator, Urban Environmental Management & Gender Development Studies Fields of Studies

Noomhorm, Athapol
B.Sc., Kasetsart Univ., Thailand; M.Eng., Lamar Univ., Texas; Ph.D., Louisiana State Univ., USA
Professor, Food Engineering & Bioprocess Technology Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Oanh, Nguyen Thi Kim
Dip. Eng., Odessa Hydrometeorology Inst., Ukraine; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand
Professor, Environmental Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Ongsakul, Weerakorn
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.S., Ph.D., Texas A&M Univ., USA
Associate Professor, Energy Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Pal, Indrajit
B.Sc., Jadavpur Univ., India, M.A., Garhwal Univ., India, M.Sc., Jadavpur Univ., India; Ph.D. Vidyasagar University, India
Assistant Professor, Disaster Preparedness, Mitigation, and Management Program, Joint appointment with the School of Engineering & Technology, and School of Environment, Resources & Development

Parnichkun, Manukid
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.Eng., Ph.D., Univ. of Tokyo, Japan
Professor, Mechatronics Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Phien-wej, Noppadol
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.S., Ph.D., Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA
Associate Professor, Geotechnical and Earth Resources Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Pongquan, Soparth
B.Sc., Chiang Mai Univ.; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; D.Sc., Univ. of Wageningen, The Netherlands
Associate Professor, Regional & Rural Development Planning Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Pravinvongvuth, Surachet
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; PhD., Utah State University, USA
Assistant Professor, Transportation Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Routray, Jayant K.
B.Sc.(Hons.)., Ravenshaw College; M.Sc., Ph.D., Utkal Univ.; M.R.P., Indian Inst. of Tech., Kharagpur, India
Professor, Regional & Rural Development Planning Field of Study and Coordinator, Interdisciplinary & Inter- School Program (CCSD & DPMM), School of Environment,
Resources & Development

Salam, P. Abdul
BSc. Eng.(Hons),Univ. of Peradeniya, Sri Lanka; M.Eng., D.Eng., AIT, Thailand
Associate Professor, Energy Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Salin, Krishna R
B.F.Sc., M.F.Sc. (Aquaculture), Kerala Agriculture Univ., India, PhD. (Mariculture), Central Institute of Fisheries Educ., India
Assistant Professor, Aquaculture & Aquatic Resources Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Sasaki, Nophea
B.Sc., Royal Univ. of Agriculture, Cambodia; M.Sc., Shinshu Univ. Japan; PhD., Gifu Univ., Japan
Associate Professor and Coordinator, Natural Resources Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Sanguankotchakorn, Teerapat
B. Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.Eng., D.Eng., Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan
Associate Professor and Interim Coordinator, Information and Communications Technologies & Telecommunications Fields of Study, School
of Engineering & Technology

Santoso, Djoen San
B.Eng., Parahyangan Catholic Univ., Indonesia; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Saitama Univ., Japan
Assistant Professor, Construction, Engineering and Infrastructure Management Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Shipin, Oleg V.
M.Sc., Univ. of Saratov; D.Sc., Inst. of Biochemistry and Physiology, Russia
Associate Professor and Coordinator, Environmental Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Shrestha, Rajendra Prasad
B.Sc., Haryana Agricultural Univ., India; M.Sc., D.Tech.Sc., AIT, Thailand
Professor, Natural Resources Management Field of Study and Dean, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Shrestha, Sangam
M.Sc., Tribhuvan University, Nepal; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Univ. of Yamanashi, Japan
Associate Professor, Water Engineering & Management Field of Studym, School of Engineering & Technology

Singh, Jai Govind
B.Eng., Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology, India; M.Tech.; Ph.D., Indian Institute of Technology, India
Associate Professor, Energy Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Soni, Peeyush
B.Eng., College of Technology & Engineering, India; M.Eng., Ph.D., Asian Institute of Technology, Thailand
Associate Professor, Agricultural Systems and Engineering Field of Study and Coordinator, Biosystems Engineering of UG Program, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Sukhotu, Vatcharapol
B.Eng., Kasetsart University, Thailand; M.Eng., University of Houston, Texas, USA, Ph.D., Texas A&M University, College Station, Texas, USA
Assistant Professor, School of Management

Siengthai, Sununta
B.A., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.A., Ph.D., Univ. of Illinois, USA
Professor, School of Management

Taparugssanagorn, Attaphongse
B.Eng, Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; MSc., Technische Unersitat Kaiserslauten, Germany; Dr. Tech, University of Oulu, Finland
Assistant Professor, Telecommunications; Information and Communications Technologies Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Thammarak, Punchet
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn University, Thailand; Ph.D., The University of Texas, Austin, USA
Lecturer, Structural Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Thapa, Gopal B.
B.Sc., Tribhuvan Univ., Nepal; M.Sc., D.Tech. Sc., AIT, Thailand
Professor, Regional and Rural Development Planning Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Tripathi, Nitin Kumar
B.Tech., Regional Eng. College, India; M.Tech., IIT.; Ph.D., IIT., Kanpur, India
Professor, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology and Director of Special Degree Programs

Visvanathan, Chettiyappan
B.Tech., IIT, Madras, India; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; D.Eng., Inst. Nat'l. Polytech., Toulouse, France
Professor, Environmental Engineering & Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Virdis, Salvatore
M.Sc., Univ. of Siena, Italy; Master DESS, Université Pierre et Marie Curie UOMC, France; Ph.D., Univ. of Siena, Italy
Assistant Professor, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Warnitchai, Pennung
B.Eng., Chulalongkorn Univ., Thailand; M.Eng., Ph.D., Tokyo Univ., Japan
Professor and Interim Coordinator, Structural Engineering Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Wityangkun, Apichon
B.Eng., King Mongkut's Inst. of Tech., Ladkrabang, Thailand; M.Eng., AIT, Thailand; D.Eng., The Univ. of Tokyo, Japan
Visiting Faculty, Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems Field of Study, School of Engineering & Technology

Yakupitiyage, Amararatne
B.Sc., Univ. of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka; M.Sc., AIT, Thailand; Ph.D., Univ. of Stirling, Scotland
Associate Professor, Aquaculture & Aquatic Resources Management Field of Study, School of Environment, Resources & Development

Yamamoto, Kazuo
B.Sc., M.Sc., Ph.D., The University of Tokyo, Japan
Vice President for Administration

Yukongdi, Vimolwan
B.B.A, Assumption Univ., Thailand; M.B.A., Univ. of Pittsburgh, USA; Ph.D., Univ. of Melbourne, Australia
Assistant Professor, School of Management



List by School/Unit - School of Engineering & Technology
Field of Study: Computer Science
Name	Title	Country
1.  	Dailey, Matthew	Professor	United States
2.  	Dung, Phan Minh	Professor	Vietnam
3.  	Anutariya, Chutiporn	Associate Professor	Thailand
Field of Study: Construction, Engineering and Infrastructure Management
Name	Title	Country
4.  	Hadikusumo, B Harimurti W	Professor	Indonesia
5.  	Charoenngam, Chotchai	Associate Professor	Thailand
6.  	Santoso, Djoen San	Associate Professor	Indonesia
Field of Study: Geotechnical and Geoenvironmental Engineering
Name	Title	Country
7.  	Chao, Kuo-Chieh	Associate Professor	United States
8.  	Giao, Pham Huy	Associate Professor	Vietnam
Field of Study: Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering
Name	Title	Country
9.  	Kachitvichyanukul, Voratas	Professor	Thailand
10.  	Koomsap, Pisut	Associate Professor	Thailand
11.  	Luong, Huynh Trung	Associate Professor	Vietnam
12.  	Bora, Tanujjal	Assistant Professor	India
Field of Study: Information Management
Name	Title	Country
13.  	Dailey, Matthew	Professor	United States
14.  	Dung, Phan Minh	Professor	Vietnam
15.  	Esichaikul, Vatcharaporn	Associate Professor	Thailand
Field of Study: Mechatronics
Name	Title	Country
16.  	Parnichkun, Manukid	Professor	Thailand
17.  	Ekpanyapong, Mongkol	Associate Professor	Thailand
18.  	Abeykoon, A.M. Harsha	Assistant Professor	Sri Lanka
19.  	Keun, Song Weon	Visiting Faculty	Republic of Korea
Field of Study: Remote Sensing and Geographic Information Systems
Name	Title	Country
20.  	Tripathi, Nitin	Professor	India
21.  	Ninsawat, Sarawut	Assistant Professor	Thailand
22.  	Virdis, Salvatore G.P.	Assistant Professor	Italy
23.  	Miyazaki, Hiroyuki	Visiting Faculty	Japan
24.  	Witayangkurn, Apichon	Visiting Faculty	Thailand
25.  	Nakamura, Tai	Visiting Professor	Japan
26.  	Nagai, Masahiko	Visiting Associate Professor	Japan
Field of Study: Structural Engineering
Name	Title	Country
27.  	Warnitchai, Pennung	Professor	Thailand
28.  	Thammarak, Punchet	Lecturer	Thailand
Field of Study: Telecommunications
Name	Title	Country
29.  	Sanguankotchakorn, Teerapat	Associate Professor	Thailand
30.  	Taparugssanagorn, Attaphongse	Associate Professor	Thailand
Field of Study: Transportation Engineering
Name	Title	Country
31.  	Kanitpong, Kunnawee	Associate Professor	Thailand
32.  	Pravinvongvuth, Surachet	Assistant Professor	Thailand
Field of Study: Water Engineering and Management
Name	Title	Country
33.  	Babel, Mukand	Professor	India
34.  	Shrestha, Sangam	Associate Professor	Nepal
35.  	Shanmugam, Mohana	Assistant Professor	India


Meet our faculty:

Prof. Ajit P. Annachhatre

Dr. Alan O’Niell

Dr. Amararatne Yakupitiyage

Mr. Andrew Macintosh

Prof. Anil Kumar Anal

Dr. Anish Ghimire

Dr. Atikorn Panya

Prof. ATM Nurul Amin

Dr. Attaphongse Taparugssanagorn

Dr. Avirut PuttiwongrakShow filters

Prof. Bonaventura H. W. Hadikusumo

Mr. Burin Kunatippapong

Dr. Chaiwut Gamonpilas

Dr. Chaklam Silpasuwanchai

Dr. Chantri Polprasert

Mr. Charnkurt Yaoyuenyong

Prof. Chettiyappan Visvanathan

Prof. Chongrak Polprasert

Mr. Chris Lobello

Prof. Christian Brockmann

Dr. Chutiporn Anutariya

Prof. Deepak Sharma

Prof. Dieter Trau

Dr. Djoen San Santoso

Mr. Duke Malan

Dr. Ekbordin Winijkul

Dr. Farhad Zulfiqar

Prof. Gajendra Singh

Dr. Gerard Tocquer

Dr. Guilberto Borongan

Dr. Ha Thanh Dong

Mr. Heng Boon Chin

Prof. Huynh Trung Luong

Dr. Indrajit Pal

Dr. Jai Govind Singh

Ms. Jarunee Wonglimpiyarat

Prof. Jayant K. Routray

Dr. Jitti Mungkalasiri

Dr. Joyee S. Chatterjee

Dr. Julaikha Bente Hossain

Prof. Karl E.Weber

Dr. Kavinda Gunasekara

Mr. Kevin Pereira

Dr. Khin Myat Kyaw

Dr. Kittipong Ekkachai

Dr. Krishna R. Salin

Dr. Kritsadarat Wattanasuwan

Prof. Kunnawee Kanitpong

Dr. Kuo-Chieh Chao

Prof. Kyoko Kusakabe

Dr. Lakeesha K. Ransom

Dr. Loc Thai Nguyen

Dr. Malay Pramanik

Prof. Manukid Parnichkun

Dr. Mohana Sundaram Shanmugam

Prof. Mokbul Morshed Ahmad

Dr. Mongkol Ekpanyapong

Prof. Mukand Singh Babel


Dr. Natthachet Tangdamrongsub

Dr. Naveed Anwar

Mr. Neil Doncaster

Prof. Nguyen Thi Kim Oanh

Prof. Nitin Kumar Tripathi

Prof. Nophea Sasaki

Dr. Noppadon Khiripet

Dr. Nuwong Chollacoop

Dr. Oleg V. Shipin

Prof. P. Abdul Salam

Ms. Paige Dobkin

Prof. Paula Banerjee

Prof. Pennung Warnitchai

Prof. Peter Edwards

Dr. Philippe Doneys

Dr. Pished Bunnun

Dr. Pisut Koomsap

Dr. Punchet Thammarak

Dr. Raffaele Ricco

Prof. Rajendra P. Shrestha

Dr. Raktipong Sahamitmongkol

Dr. Ram C. Bhujel

Prof. Ram Shrestha

Dr. Roger Levermore

Dr. Sakul Pochanart

Dr. Salvatore G.P. Virdis

Prof. Sangam Shrestha

Dr. Sarawut Ninsawat

Dr. Sasitorn Srisawadi

Prof. Shobhakar Dhakal

Dr. Simon Guerrero Cruz

Dr. Sitthisuntorn Supothina

Prof. Sivanappan Kumar

Ms. Stacey Huang

Dr. Supasith Chonglerttham

Dr. Sushil Kumar Himanshu

Dr. Sutat Weesakul

Dr. Suwussa Bamrungsap

Dr. Syed Shurid Khan

Dr. Takuji W. Tsusaka

Dr. Tanujjal Bora

Dr. Teerapat Sanguankotchakorn

Prof. Thammarat Koottatep

Prof. Thanakorn Pheeraphan

Dr. Theerathon Tharachai

Dr. Thi Phuoc Lai Nguyen

Mr. Thomas R.M. Bain

Mr. Tim Edmunds

Dr. Tobias Endress

Dr. Uracha Ruktanonchai

Dr. Vatcharapol Sukhotu

Dr. Vatcharaporn Esichaikul

Prof. Vilas Nitivattananon

Mr. Ville Kulmala

Dr. Vimolwan Yukongdi

Prof. Vinod Jindal

Dr. Wai Prathumpai

Dr. Wasan Teerajetgul

Prof. Weerakorn Ongsakul

Dr. Wenchao Xue

Prof. Avishek Datta

Mr. Benjamin Quinlan

Mr. Wiboon Tachapaisalkul

Dr. Willi Zimmermann

Dr. Wonnop Vissesanguan

Prof. Worsak Kanok Nukulchai

Prof. Yuosre Badir
